Now we're going to try to translate our algorithm from our visual into writing code.
I recommend trying to write a little bit at a time without a for-loop yet.
This will help you see what you're doing bit by bit.
So we're going to create a list called visit_order and we're going to create
a stack that's going to help us keep track and walk back our path.
We'll start with the root node,
which is apple right here.
We're going to grab it and push it onto the stack.
So as you can see,
now we have apple on the stack.
We take what's on the top of the stack and we're going to visit it.
So we're appending it to the visit_order list.
Now you can see that the visit order now contains apple.
The stack contains apple.
So now what do we do with the node at the top of the stack?
We're going to check if it has a left child.
So we write an if statement.
If it has a left child, then what do we do?
We want to get that left child and we want to push it onto the stack.
So now we can see the left child that we found was banana.
We pushed it on the stack on top of apple.
Now the next step is, what's on the top of the stack?
Banana. So we're going to visit it and to say we visited it,
we're just appending it to this visit_order list.
You can see now that when we visit Node banana,
now we see that we visited banana after apple.
Then again, we check the top of the stack is now banana,
and so does it have a left child?
It does and so we're going to grab it and push it onto the stack.
So now you can see that we're repeating a pattern.
So this is where we would eventually want to use a for-loop,
but this is kind of a good way to get started.
I walk through the entire tree traversal here.
But if you feel like you get the idea and you want to
go skip ahead to the function itself,
then just skip ahead to here,
pre-order traversal using a stack.